.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH IPBORI 1 "May 2, 2008"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7) and groff_man(7)
.\" .SH        section heading
.\" .SS        secondary section heading
.\"
.\"
.\" To preview this page as plain text: nroff -man ipbori.1
.\"
.SH NAME
ipbori \- An Interactive PolyBoRi Shell
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ipbori [ -ipythonprefix
.I " prefix"
.B ] [ 
.I " ipython-options"
.B ] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
An interactive IPython shell for interfacing with the
PolyBoRi framework. It offers full support of specialized data structures as
well as C/C++- and Python-based algorithms for treating polynomials over Boolean
rings.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-ipythonprefix
This options allows to select a path for the IPython executable in the case of
multiple IPython installations.
.br
.sp 1
Alternatively, the environment variable IPYTHONPREFIX may be set accordingly.
.TP
In addition IPython options may be added to the command line.

.SH ENVIRONMENT
.IP IPYTHONPREFIX
Defines a path for the IPython executable. It can be overwritten by the
.B -ipythonprefix
option.

.SH Background
The core of PolyBoRi is a C++ library, which is wrapped and extended by a Python
interface. Essentially, ipbori calls IPython together with a profile for using
PolyBoRi's python interface.  It can be used as a special purpose
computer-algebra system for computation with polynomials over Boolean rings.
In ipbori a global ring is already predefined and a set of
variables called x(0), ..., x(9999). The default ordering is lexicographical
ordering (lp).
.br
.sp 1
For more details, see the PolyBoRi documentation. In particular, have a look at
the tutorial, the doxygen part for the core library, and pythondoc part for the
high-level routines.
.SH AUTHOR
.nh
The PolyBoRi framework was created by The PolyBoRi Team <polybori@mfo.de>,
consisting of
Michael Brickenstein <brickenstein@mfo.de> (high-level algorithms, primary
designer) and
Alexander Dreyer <alexander.dreyer@itwm.fraunhofer.de> (low-level routines,
project infrastructure, and this man page).
.hy
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR IPYTHON (1)


