.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH POLYGUI 1 "April 26, 2011"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7) and groff_man(7)
.\" .SH        section heading
.\" .SS        secondary section heading
.\"
.\"
.\" To preview this page as plain text: nroff -man PolyGUI.1
.\"
.SH NAME
PolyGUI \- An graphical user interface for PolyBoRi's groebner_basis
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B PolyGUI
.SH DESCRIPTION
PolyBoRi comes with a QT-based graphical user interface PolyGUI for its command groebner_basis. 


.SH BACKGROUND
The user make a Groebner analysis of custom polynomial systems by selecting
various options of PolyBoRi's 
.I "groebner_basis" 
command. The 
.I "Open File"
dialog can be used to load PolyBoRi-compatible data files. They have to be
written in Python syntax and must contain a ring declaration and the definition
of an ideal (given as a list of Boolean polynomials).

.SH EXAMPLE FILE
declare_ring([Block("x", 10), Block("y", 10)]) 
.br
ideal = [x(1) + x(2), x(2) + y(1)]

.SH READ MORE
For more details, see the PolyBoRi documentation. In particular, have a look at
the tutorial, the doxygen part for the core library, and pythondoc part for the
high-level routines.
.SH AUTHOR
.nh
The PolyBoRi framework was created by The PolyBoRi Team <polybori@mfo.de>,
consisting of
Michael Brickenstein <brickenstein@mfo.de> (high-level algorithms, primary
designer) and
Alexander Dreyer <alexander.dreyer@itwm.fraunhofer.de> (low-level routines,
project infrastructure, and this man page).
.hy
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR IPBORI (1)


